2. Add latex support in thread panel in group-detail component
4. Add a User tab in the header to allow users to find other users.
  Add this tabs along with MyGroups

5. Allow user to set the nature of the group:private vs public
7. Inplement at least two types of group, active groups
and inactive groups

8. Add toggle bar for pdf to navigate between pages; no idea
9. show another pdf panel or threads, because sometimes one want to refer
to other page while reading through

10. update pending members's username when a user updated his or her profile; Done

11. token extension; currently the token is set to expire in 5 hours;

12. being able to follow a thread; done

13. add highlight when updating threads; done

14. navigate to a thread, open it and show its highlight; done

15. make better pdf navigation bar: add zoom-in, zoom-out, bookmarks,
preserve highlight when zoom-in or zoom-out;

16. being able to search threads

17. If I want to ask a question to a specific person, I can use
@<username>. This person will get notified

Discussion with Justin
18. Clear highlight is not working well;

19. Only supports pdf => (pdf format)

20. When hover to clickable element, mouse cursor should be pointer

21. Make overlay tutorials.

22. When upload a file, the file should be a button with a cross to delete it

23. Partial search, regex search

24. Make basic tutorial, and more advanced tutorials

25. A button for search
//

26. Show threads on each page on demand


// Discussion with Joe Chen
27. If used as an educational software, students' academic records need to be
FERPA certified.

28. In a large classroom setting, students are more comfortable posting questions
without revealing their own identities. This is because when someone is learning
new thing, they are not sure if their questions are stupid.

29. Allow instructors to see their identities.

30. Highlight the features that Piazza doesn't have.

//

31. Being able to link to other threads;

32. Useful websites:
https://mfeldstein.com/data-to-back-up-concerns-of-textbook-expenditures-by-first-generation-students/



// After discussion with Huimei, Brooke, Yonsoo, Song
Interpolate is more suitable for upper level classes;
student's should be able to build private libraries.
There they can invite their instructors to talk about their
hw and exams;


// Library mgmt system
integrate into school library system
Talk to Hanah about integrate in the library system
